# <ins>Mechs</ins>

This section explains all the mechs that happens in phase 3.

## <ins>5 Guards (full gauge)</ins>

<p align=justify>This pattern happens only when Kazeros <code style="color : Purple">gauge</code> reaches full. After that he starts using it as a normal pattern that has 1:40 internal CD.  
It's important to note that his <code style="color : Purple">gauge</code> will never reset after this.</p>

<p align=justify>He will reposition by teleporting to the middle and activate a cutscene.</p>

<video width="800" height="500" controls="" muted="">
    <source src="https://github.com/Rubberoni/Gifs/raw/refs/heads/main/G1/P3_Mechs/Full_Meter_Teleport_VID.mp4">
</video>

<p align=justify>Then he will do a large explosion covering the middle of the arena, with small explosions spawning around the map, followed up by 4 large pizza cones.  
After that the wave expands from the Kazeros that you need to spacebar through.  
You need to start near the edge at the start of it because of the puddles that spawn under every player. This is important because they will be constantly reappearing in these spots throughout the whole mech and they paralyse you for 2 seconds (reason why people bring sacred bombs to this fight)</p>

<video width="800" height="500" controls="" muted="">
    <source src="https://github.com/Rubberoni/Gifs/raw/refs/heads/main/G1/P3_Mechs/Full_Meter_Puddles_VID.mp4">
</video>

<p align=justify>Now’s the fun part: Kazeros will randomly choose 1 player that has to execute 5 <code style="color : Darkorange">guards</code> properly and <code style="color : Blue">counter</code> him at the end.  
Each time that player fails, Kazeros will generate a shield that has 41 billion hp. If a player fails too many times it will cause a raid wipe.</p>

<video width="800" height="500" controls="" muted="">
    <source src="https://github.com/Rubberoni/Gifs/raw/refs/heads/main/G1/P3_Mechs/5_Guards_VID.mp4">
</video>

<i><p align=center>Few things to remember about:</i></p?

<i><p align=center>You want to stay a bit further away from him while performing <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code>. If you are too close it might not register.</i></p>

<i><p align=center>A person with aggro will have a debuff above mana bar/shuriken on character model (see wildsoul above) . . . (Sometimes it doesnt show at all, smilegate pls fix)</i></p>

<i><p align=center>If you leave any puddles inside, when you are supposed to place them outside, they will stay there for the whole mech, which means you will have to deal with electrocuting puddles.</i></p>

<i><p align=center>More than 1 person can <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code> to ensure that you properly execute this mech, BUT there is 1 thing that makes it dangerous, and that is a stacking debuff after every <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code>.  
This debuff is to make sure no one else does the <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code> except for the person who’s being targeted, because you can ONLY cleanse yourself by <code style="color : Blue">countering</code> him at the end.  
It inflicts you with darkness and slows your actions and it's uncleansable (except for <code style="color : Blue">countering</code>) and lasts 40 seconds.</i></p>  

<i><p align=center>He will do front thrust right after the <code style="color : Blue">counter</code> which deals a lot of damage followed by out in safe (which either is a oneshot or ridiculous amount of damage - just move out).</i></p>

<video width="800" height="500" controls="" muted="">
    <source src="https://github.com/Rubberoni/Gifs/raw/refs/heads/main/G1/P3_Mechs/Out_In_P3_VID.mp4">
</video>

<i><p align=center>You dont need to counter at all. Its main reason is for the person with debuff to get cleansed.  
He also does out in ONLY when you fail any of the guards. Otherwise he will just do out safe (its still a lot of damage and you will die without dr).</i></p>

<i><p align=center>One more thing that might help you with timing on <code style="color : Darkorange">guards</code>. This is strictly from my observations and might be incorrect or not helpful at all, but it looks like he performs <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code> after locking onto the player. That means he will follow the player's movement, stop moving at all and perform <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code>.  
This means you want to <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code> him slightly after he stops moving at all.</i></p>

## <ins>Elgic (100x)</ins>

<p align=justify>Last mech of this gate.</p>

<p align=justify>Kazeros sends 4 waves of lightnings in a chess board shape and spawn 3 (?) yellow orbs around the map that need to be picked up by players. On the 4th wave he spawns a safe spot for everyone to gather.</p>

<video width="800" height="500" controls="" muted="">
    <source src="https://github.com/Rubberoni/Gifs/raw/refs/heads/main/G1/P3_Mechs/Elgic_Start_VID.mp4">
</video>

<i><p align=center>The 4th wave is a bit misleading. You can wait for it to disappear before moving into a safe spot (delayed waves like in thaeminge g4-2)</i></p>

<i><p align=center>Then he will require 2 <code style="color : Darkorange">guards</code> in succession. Those <code style="color : Darkorange">guards</code> must be done by people who picked up the orbs. Other people hide behind them. This concludes the mech.</i></p>

<video width="800" height="500" controls="" muted="">
    <source src="https://github.com/Rubberoni/Gifs/raw/refs/heads/main/G1/P3_Mechs/Elgic_SafeSpots_VID.mp4">
</video>

<i><p align=center>At the start of the mech all 8 people are inflicted with the debuff that prevents them from being able to <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code>.  
The way to cleanse it is by picking up the orbs that Kazeros spawns around. There are only 3 of them so that means you need to coordinate who will do which <code style="color : Darkorange">guard</code>.</i></p>

<i><p align=center>After this mech its only normal patterns till the end.</i></p>
